A few years ago, I was cutting up carrots for dinner when I heard a voice in the kitchen shouting to stop. It was odd, because the front door was locked and it sounded exactly like my own.  As I turned around to see who was there, the knife fell off the counter and I was startled to see this person leaping at me. I couldn't be sure, but it looked exactly like me...  In the split seconds, I stumbled backwards, and the knife fell just inches from my feet. Then the person vanished...  At first I was mystified. I thought I was going crazy. It haunted me every night in my dreams, to the point where I began to wonder if the first time it happened was in fact a dream.  Then I had a new dream. Out the window, I saw my friend driving by in their car. Even though it was a different car than they have now, I knew it was them somehow. The strangest sensation came over me, and I was encouraging it. In fact, I felt I was the source of it.  And then I saw it, out the window, someone slowed and started walking backwards. I thought it was strange, but then again I live in a strange neighbourhood. I walked to the window to investigate, then noticed my right foot was wrapped in a bandage.  I separated from myself, and the version I couldn't control walked backwards the way I had just come, out of the room.  I started to feel lighter, there was less gravity pulling me to the ground. I started to lift. I saw my friend's car go back the way it came, in reverse. The sound of the engine was odd, unnatural, backwards...  The sensation got bigger. I fell to the ceiling and slid to a corner of the room, the loose chunks of paint repairing after being ripped off by my feet, as if by magic. (Yes, the ceiling needed a paint job.)  From my upside-down perch, I saw cars and people moving faster and faster, always backwards. I was crushed by a sensation, pushed further and further into the corner, hidden behind the shelves below. Finally, gravity was to the point that I could not peak out.  It grew to night, and day, and night again. I heard waves of voices and quietness, talking backwards much too fast to understand. And finally they slowed.  I peaked my head out, then realized I was falling. I saw myself, knife in hand, in the kitchen, cutting up carrots. The knife was about to fall...  'STOP!' I shouted, and leapt at myself. Then I woke up.  I'm not a morning person, so when I saw how early it was, I felt like going to sleep. Besides, it was a Saturday, so I didn't have to get up for school. I lay down to go back to sleep, only to be woken again by my alarm clock 15 minutes later.  Which is odd, since I don't remember setting it. I suppose I'm forgetful sometimes. I turned it off and went back to sleep.  Then, another 15 minutes later, my mom came into my room yelling at me to get up. I mumbled something about it being Saturday, and heard myself mumble that I was tired. She did the usual speech about the importance of timing and following through with commitments, then left the room.  I got up, or rather, saw myself get up. I was still in the bed. I felt the urge to hide from myself, and slipped down the crack between my bed and the wall.  That was my secret place, my quiet study place. It was where I disappeared when things weren't going well for ways I couldn't understand, and I didn't want to talk about it. The quiet solitude gave way to new ways of approaching the same problem I had never thought of...  Anyways, from under the bed I saw mys feet shift as I looked around. Apparently I'm wasn't as quiet as I had hoped when I slipped down there. After a few seconds, I noticed myself start to slouch from tiredness, then I continued on.  I contemplated, I had heard a strange sound yesterday morning. Why hadn't I investigated? I guess I was just too tired, and I already thought I was going crazy. So what's a strange sound when you have strange dreams every night?  It also explained something else. I had an assignment due on Friday, an essay on consumerism and it's effect on society. I know I shouldn't leave things to the last minute, but it happens everytime. And I had no idea it was going to be such a big project. It was odd, because I must've finished it. I don't remember doing it, but I handed it in.  I saw myself leave the room, and wondered - was the assignment in my bag finished? I zipped over to check my bag. It wasn't... How had this happened? And then I knew...  I grabbed the unstarted assignment and returned to the bed. Quickly, I analysed the sheet, and grabbed papers, one for every section I would need. I jotted a few basic facts. It was due by the end of lunch, so I knew I didn't have much time.  The front door slammed. I was on my way to school... Leave it to myself to screw things up. How was I supposed to eat breakfast now that I was already gone? If I left the house twice, wouldn't that be suspicious?  I quickly got dressed. Surely that couldn't cause trouble. Then I heard footsteps approaching my room... Before I could hide, she entered.  "You're still getting dressed? Come on! You do this every morning... Why can't you just be ready faster?" Well, good question, but I've already left. She was blocking the entrance, and demanding a response. "Your brother's already left 3 minutes ago..."  I heard footsteps downstairs... So was I still here? I remembered coming back to my room for something, but I wasn't sure if that was 'yesterday' morning or not... What if I came upstairs now? I would ask my mom why she was in my room, then she would see two of me, and I would see two of me, and downhill from there. I had to get rid of her.  "I'm sorry. I didn't sleep well last night." Did I sleep well any night? But it worked. She left and I hid. Then I heard her talking to someone downstairs... Me? Would she realize?  No, it was my brother. He always seemed to be ready before me. It was good to hear him finally getting the same lectures I always did, especially when I wasn't really late.  Well, only to my mom. But then, who else cared? To the school, it was just a tick in an attendance report... To my friends, they thought it was cool to arrive late. What could my teachers do? The first 10 minutes of class was never used for much anyways... Being late meant more sleep, which meant I absorbed the knowledge they taught me better. Really, I was doing them a favour by helping them teach me.  I quickly gulped down breakfast, then headed out the door. No sooner had I left than I heard my mom shouting behind me, "Wait, you forgot your backpack."  But my backpack was on my back up ahead... I paused, then headed back. Wondering how I could deal with this. I could say I forgot to bring it home yesterday. I went inside and my mom disappeared downstairs, so I just left.
